   //////--------------------------------------------------------------------\\\\\\
   ||  |                東方潮聖書 (Touhou Sapphire Panlogism)                 |  ||
   ||  |                        Made by Urban Mimzie                          |  ||
   ||  |                       Started  June 29, 2017                         |  ||
   ||\\\\--------------------------------------------------------------------////||
   ||      Malik     Airi     Trung0246     Badz     Lollipop     Frogmask       ||
   ||       \o/       \o          o_/       \ /         o\           o           ||
 __||__      |         |\       _/|          |         /|           /|\        __||__
|______|____/_\_______/_\________/_\________/o\________/_\__________/_\_______|______|

             ⚠ WARNING: SPOILER!!! ⚠
CLOSE THIS FILE NOW IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THE GAME YET !!!

Also, if you didn't play extra, don't read the parts about extra :P

--------------------------------------------------------------------
◇About the Team
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Malik: artist, who use SAI to draw main character portrait, background,... and gave us some ideas.

Aiya: artist, nya... :3. No idea about gender, drew some cute little faries, bosses, bullets,... for us to use <3

Naudiz: artist, who drew some sprites and effects for us :)

Frogmask: composer, who made background music and sound effect for us, and also wrote character profiles dialogue.

Timi: composer, who composed a stage 4 boss theme.

Badz: programmer, who wrote system and menu stuff, optimize codes,... have no idea how to describe him.

Lollipop: programmer, review code, ... and have a MSPaint-style avatar?

Trung0246: programmer, texture packer, create spell cards, system, ..., and mantainer of this repository. Hello world!

Ciryes: tester, once a programmer, but being overwhelmed by TODO lists, poor him :(

--------------------------------------------------------------------
◇Enemy Characters
--------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------Stage 1 Boss - Child of the Great Saltwater Sea--------------------

名: アジャースワール
Name: Azure Swirl

Species: Fairy (Nereid) (妖精 (ニアリーッド))
Abilities: Control of the Ocean Currents

She wandered a biiit too far. Oops!

A fairy with the ability to control the ocean waves. It's actually an incredibly potent power. Combined with the fact
Azure's actually quite competent for a fairy, she's capable of being quite the threat.

Well, that would be so if Reimu and company encountered her anywhere near an actual ocean, anyway.
You can't quite make due with saltwater rain, you know.

Normally very friendly towards humans, it seems she and her fairy compatriots are only acting on the will of their
surperiors.

She'll find her way back in the end.

--------------------Stage 2 Mid-boss - A Hazy, Foregone Conclusion--------------------

名: キム じりり
Name: Jiriri Kim

Species: Aka Kuchi (アカ クチ)
Abilities: To produce omen-signifying clouds

A strange red tongue in the clouds.

They say she's a bad omen, but really, she's simply someone with a very good sense of morality. She attempts to warn the
human village of any possible danger, but most of the time simply frightens quite a few superstitious people. Most humans
just see strange, but not particularly worrying, black clouds.

She had a natural intuition that's something was up. She's a natural navigator of the skies, but she isn't much of a
fighter, so she wasn't able to overcome Sakkagumi.

To be quite honest, she only fought Reimu and company because they were so insistent on fighting her.

--------------------Stage 2 Boss - Youkai Bodhisvatta in Pink--------------------

名: 八百 目実
Name: Sakkagumi Happyaku

Species: Ama-nyudo (アマーニュド)
Abilities: Able to completely obscure a given location

The cloudy visage of a long dead nun.

The grief of a dreadfully long life seems to have made itself manifest upon her death. Curiously enough, this visage of
hers is a Buddhist as well. Even as a youkai, she manages to act as a perfect model of Buddhist detachment from
physicality. She's attached just enough to act as a Bodhisattva. Perhaps it's because she's a cloud?

Though ironically one who wishes to lead other's to Nirvana, she's quite proficient at obscuring locations. Her ability
doesn't have much purpose besides hiding things, but is likely the byproduct of the dead nun's struggles in life. Likewise,
she's usually quite quiet, but oftentimes can burst out loads of information under duress. Thankfully, her incredible
detachment from the world ensures that she hasn't too much information to provide.

Her idea in concealing the Expanse for Saga was that, if she helped, then quite possibly Saga and her associates
might listen to her. She probably hadn't taken into account the fact they were already of their own, certain religious
affiliation. Nor, did she realize, quite how untrustworthy Saga could be at times. Whether this was a result of her severe
detachment from this mortal plane or simply bad judgement on Sakkagumi's part remains to be seen.

She practices a form of Buddhism from the mainland, and as such, presents herself as an entity separate from those at
Myouren. Though, presented with little youkai success and the shock-induced death of at least one human, she's considered
simply caving in and joining them.

Perhaps it would be best to simply become a Buddha now and get it over with.

--------------------Stage 3 boss - Wicked Fairy Godmother--------------------

名: 眩 さが
Name: Saga Kuramu

Species: Oceanid (オーシーニッド)
Abilities: Able to create magical binding contracts

A witch who goes uninvited to the christening.

Really, more of a lawyer you wouldn't like influencing your child. A fickle, but outstandingly clever sort of person who
does a lot things for her own amusement. An Oceanid, she swims in the sea encircling the world, metaphorically speaking. In
actuality, she lives in the Expanse.

Actually, she's a mermaid, a daughter of the air, and a sea witch, but that all quite conveniently sits under "Oceanid."

Saga, as a sea witch, is able to develop magical contracts. Thus, she's able to grant magical wishes to a certain extent,
as long as her client manages to give something in return. In addition, there's all sorts of conditions in her contracts
one has to fulfill to avoid an unfortunate end. In a way, they're like installational payments, but where one's physical
person is at stake. If it wasn't for the fact she only serviced youkai, Reimu would have exterminated her several times by
now.

In the past, she used to develop all sorts of impossible contracts simply for her own amusment. But after some outside
pressure, she's had to be more lenient.

Right now, she's an underling of Umehime, but that doesn't mean much. She acts mostly with autonomy as she always has.

Her most recent contract was with Sakkagumi. If Sakkagumi fulfills the terms of the contract, then Saga promises to become
a devout practioner of Buddhism. Which, unsurprisingly, isn't happening, since the sole terms were to prevent people from
finding the Expanse.

--------------------Stage 4 Boss - Will-o-Wisp of Grace--------------------

名: 風嵐 色は姫
Name: Kazarashi Irohahime

Species: Wani (鰐)
Abilities: Manipulation of phantasmal flame

Long ago, great flames used to hover above the seas of Earth.

The wani have a simple sort of lifestyle that benefits their hedonistic pursuits. They often waste their time collectively
trying to prove something to themselves or to others, and engage visitors with an air of kindness. A human tale is passed
down of an entire clan of wani that had once gathered to play a clever game with a cunning rabbit ages ago. Thus was the
atmosphere that Irohahime was born into.

Irohahime, the younger sister of Umehime, is an easy-going sort of individual with a certain talent for pyrotechnics. 
She isn't fond of business nor politics, much less of her high status in youkai society, and thus tends to go by the alias Iroha.
It's very much in her field of comprehension, nonetheless.

By using the sacred Kazarashi sake, she's able to conjure incredible dragons of fire that bend to her will. Of course,
these things are simply an illusion. Still, she has great skill when it comes to fire.

Her own little adventures are something of a daily routine, with her getting lost here and there, so it isn't out of the ordinary to 
encounter her all bandaged up.

Iroha(hime) didn't quite care about the convoluted plot of the granny they were hosting or  all the new servants they had
gained through Saga's confusing contracts, but she was excited at the prospect of what the plan's success would promise.

She decided to play what they called a "Spellcard Game" in that dry world below.

She speaks in a Kansai-ben accent and finds Aloe Vela uncanny.

--------------------Stage 4 Boss - Perperuna of Dignification--------------------

名: 画数 梅姫
Name: Kazarashi Umehime

Species: Wani (鰐)
Abilties: Manipulation of phantasmal weather phenomena

Long ago, great storms would overtake sails above the seas of earth.

The wani have a complex, high-developed hierarchy that benefits their rather majestic auras. They often spend their days in
rather formal, intelligent engagements with themselves or others, and engage offenders with an air of intimidation. A human
tale is passed down of an entire clan of wani ravaging a deceitful rabbit that had once deceived them ages ago. Thus was
the atmosphere that Umehime was born into.

Umehime, the older sister of Irohahime, is a tycoonlike sort of individual. She hasn't the patience for games and
fireworks, but has a certain talent for business. She takes pride in her high status in youkai society, and thus insists
upon being called Kazarashi-sama.

By using the sacred Kazarashi sake, she's able to conjure incredible tempests of terrible force that bend to her very will.
Of course, these are simply childish to cause in the eyes of most wani. Still, she has great skill when it comes to water.

She ends up picking fights with those who don't respect her, so it isn't out of the ordinary to encoutner her inflicting
all sorts of wounds. 

The older Kazarashi sister made a shrine for their god within Nakantori-jo, one surely fitting for a god of youkai. Even
though Saga's strategy of collecting things was sort of convoluted and Aloe Vela was, simply put, mad, she had great faith
in this plan. The success of this arrangement would promise something great for the Kazarashi family.

She decided to manage both the youkai drawn to follow their god, and the youkai drawn to combat that god.

She speaks in a Kansai-ben accent and finds Aloe Vela uncanny.

--------------------Stage 5 Mid-Boss - Antagonist of Hermits Everywhere--------------------

名: はな じゃみ
Name: Jami Hana

Species: Jami (ジャミ)
Ability: To escape from any trap

An obnoxious, rude sort of creature.

A mountain youkai that managed to get locked up for wandering into the Expanse. Actually, she wandered into the Expanse
after being pursued by a Hermit living on Youkai Mountain. Which is simply something that happens when one finds an
unhealthy amount of joy in disturbing the peace.

She doesn't comprehend politeness, in a sense.

She's made it a hobby to antagonize hermits and celestials wherever she wanders. Jami isn't quite strong enough to actually
put an end to any, but that isn't at all her goal. She simply gets a kick out of seeing a holyperson flustered.

If she weren't here right now, and not in chains, she'd probably be trying to find a way to harass the Taoists. She doesn't
actually know how to get into the Otherworld they live in, but she's pretty intent on learning so.

--------------------Stage 5 Boss - Undead, Molting Zeal--------------------

名: アロエベラ
Name: Aloe Vela

Species: Vetala (ヴェータラ)
Abilities: Changing the form of inanimate objects

She's a thing that shouldn't be.

Following the end of Sakoku, all sorts of trinkets and things were traded between the Japanese and foreign entities. The
Japanese were both mystified and fearful of the power of the West, and thus became their own imperial power not so long
after Gensokyo was created. In attempt to modernize, western fashion trends were propagated amongst Japanese women.

A hundred years later, a damaged dragonfly antique was forgotten in a landfill.

Originally, Aloe Vela was a tsukumogami. She was aimless, amusing herself with her power to reshape objects. Of course, she
could only "reform" objects uninhabited by kami.  As her power soon turned out to be so limited, it eventually lost its
charm. There wasn't much to do for a thing like her. Somewhere along the way, she wandered into the Expanse.

The religion of the inhabitants of Nakanotori-jo was charming. Their god manifested herself before her followers, and their
interactions were rather casual. She was able to make "change" within youkai, able to alter some part of their inate
nature-- something Aloe Vela couldn't. Approaching her, she asked for a simple, strange wish. It was granted.

And so Aloe Vela was entranced.

Aloe Vela became a follower, with a simple ambition: To become a real dragon fly god. She became devoted, doting upon the
goddess's every need, no matter how small. She became her judge, her prophetess, her avatar.

One day, her god told her that she had found a way to breathe life into objects, but that she needed something simple. Aloe
Vela found it.

When the heathens tried to interfere, she swiftly locked them up. When even her fellow worshippers denounced her
faithfulness, she ignored them. Her god had made her a reanimated corpse, exactly as she asked. Through virtue, she would
be the Child of God.

--------------------Stage 6 Boss - Saltwater Madonna--------------------

名: 水混 有無 (つまざる うむ)
Name: Tzumazaru Ummu

Species: Wakemitama (分霊)
Ability: Harnessing the power of salt water

In the days of old, the waters above were made separate from the waters below.

In the days of old, her corpse was torn between the waters above and the waters below. She had a very different name then.

There was a point in time during The Age of the Gods where the gods did as they pleased and carved the world around them to
their very whim. They were absolute titans. Ummu, together with her husband, was one of these gods. Through mixing
freshwater and saltwater, they were able to use an implement that let gods act even without faith. This tool was the
"Tablet of Destinies."

The Tablet of Destinies was an ancient tool handed through generations of gods, usable only under the most pristine
conditions.

In return, it promised powers of creation and destruction unimaginable. These conditions, however, were easily fufilled by
Ummu and her consort back then. And so they carved their testament into the world of the divine, bringing about even more
gods to that fantastic, phantasmal world.

In a family drama passed down in an old human legend, it eventually came to be that the very children Ummu parented came to
be the murderers of Ummu's husband. 

Ummu, in rage and sorrow, fashioned a myriad of demons and youkai to slay the very gods she had birthed. She had become
mother of both monster and deity. This poetic act of vengeance ended in her failure, and in her death.

And so those ancient gods, as a final insult, split Ummu's corpse and sealed it across a series of esoteric worlds,
splitting her very divinity in the process into a multitude of Bunrei. What soon followed was a series of petty,
embarassing squabbles over the Tablet of Destinies.

And so her name and the names of her children faded into the memory of humans, and so did her divine person.

Except, dozens of centuries later, it was recovered. Albeit not pure belief, sheer acknowledgement managed to spark
activity back into one of Ummu's Bunrei. This was the most massive one: the tail of her old body, sealed into that mystical
saltwater sea that separated Orihime and Hikoboshi sitting above the Firmament.

It wasn't as if she came back in full force. She couldn't, of course, if her former power had been sealed in places she had
no chance of reaching. But she was still something that could be worshipped.

She began gathering a following. In an ironic twist, she sought out children. Fairy, youkai, tsukumogami. She would be
mother to all of them. Using the saltwater of the Oceanic Sky she was able to grant simple, yet profound things to those
who would grant her requests. A new amount of power. A new capacity for knowledge. A new purpose in life.

The youkai called her "Ame-no-Ummu-no-Mikoto." Her actual name was, in a sense, incomprehensible to them. At the very
least, they crudely rendered it in kanji.

And that was how things were.

But one day, the Tablet of Destinies somehow slipped back into the hands of Ummu. The anguish all those centuries ago
flashed through the crevices of her mind. The new gods she had seen rise after her did as well.

She concocted a plan. She would use the Tablet of Destinies.

Umehime would create a place where saltwater and freshwater mingled. Vela would recover a divine script for Ummu to write
in. Saga would find a way to collect even more fragments of Ummu's broken body.

Yes, truly it was a magnificent plan. 
Ummu had collected enough pieces of her old self by now.

Soon, she would be whole again.

Soon, she would be their mother again.

--------------------Stage EX Mid-boss - Nymph of the Great Saltwater Sea--------------------

名: アジャースワール
Name: Azure Swirl

Species: Fairy (Nereid) (妖精 (ニアリーッド))
Abilities: Control of the Ocean Currents

She's back now. The Kazarashi sisters are relying on her to filter out any intruders
after "that other goddess" that are currently barging into the Expanse.

That fairy with the ability to control the ocean waves. It's an incredibly potent power. Combined with the fact Azure's
actually quite competent for a fairy, she's quite the threat.

This time, Reimu and company encountered her right in the heart of the Expanse.
She thinks that putting in the effort is only being polite, but really, she's just acting as a huge roadblock.

She's still as cordial (and needlessly formal) as ever.

--------------------Stage EX Boss - Heraldric Alien Martyr--------------------

名: 汎鑼 幤頃
Name: Nusakoro Handora

Species: Kamuy (神居)
Ability: Creation of Kotodama

It used to be that she was appreciated.

A herald of the gods of long ago, of the long forgotten countries that once sat upon Honshu. She was intended to relay the
messages of the earthly gods to humans, and those of humans to the earthly gods. She was a bridge between the present world
and the world of the eternal.

Anything she said would be understood. Anything she said would be appreciated. Impact upon the listener was of course,
a simple fact. That was the nature of Kotodama. She was, simply put, the master of it.

There was a point in time when the gods of the land were warring. The war of the heavenly gods against the earthly gods,
and the war of the Yamato against the people of the Emishi. 

During this time, the gods had forced Nusakoro to commit terrible acts. People's very hearts were destroyed by her hands. 

It wasn't her will to do any of this, but she had no choice. It was either that she fought for her gods, or they would be
dominated.

In the end, it seemed that none of that truly mattered. The heavenly gods conquered the earthly gods' land, shrines, and
people. Naturally, for what Nusakoro had done to them, she would of course have a suitable punishment. It didn't matter
that it wasn't Nusakoro's own idea.

She was sealed into an Inaw, a tool of her own creation, and bound by Shimenawa. She could do nothing to help her people,
and thus they were ravaged.

There came a time when it became known among the gods of the world that a certain powerful artifact had been unsealed. The
cosmos itself entered a sort of panic, and sent all of sorts of people to resolve the matter.

Realizing that, if the artifact were used correctly, their adversary would be almost invincible, the thought of peaceful
negotiation was brought up. They had no idea who in particular they would have to combat, so a sort of "universal omniglot"
had to be sent. The choice was hard.

The Inaw was unsealed.

She was to calmly negotiate a retrieval of the artifact from whoever held it. If she succeeded, she would be permanantly
freed. If she failed, she would be re-sealed. It should have been a simple thing, really.

But then she failed. Nusakoro had made the intentions of the gods quite clear to Ummu. Those words should have done
something, it was in Nusakoro's nature, but-- Ummu simply chose not to care. It was another crushing defeat.

In fact, it seemed as if Nusakoro had just made the problem worse.
Through her, Aloe Vela recovered the language paired with the Jidai Moji.

She couldn't go back. Not like this.

So she fled into Gensokyo, seeking out someone who could help her.

--------------------Stage PH Mid-Boss - True Goddess Metempsychosis--------------------

名: 水混 有無 (つまざる うむ)
Name: Tzumazaru Ummu

Species: Shuku-jin (宿神) (?)
Ability: Harnessing the power of salt water

In the days of old, the waters above were made separate from the waters below.

But it would be alright if she reinvented herself, she presupposed.
Even with her old titanic body left to legend and history, Ummu learned to appreciate her current self.

After all, Gensokyo was a Land of Fantasy.
For even gods to be able to do such things was what the sages wanted.

She seemed like she had fun in the incident immediately following the one she herself caused.

--------------------Stage PH Boss - Line Drawn Between Heaven and Earth--------------------

名: 八衢 の 璃名姫
Name: Yachimata no Rina-hime

Species: God
Ability: Able to connect any two points

A goddess who sprung from Izanagi himself.

Yet another god whose raison d'etre is defending the roads of humans.
Actually, as a goddess of crossroads, she's a coworker of a certain someone.

She's a carefree, easygoing sort of person who speaks in an inadvertantly business-like tone. For a god, she's rather
earthly, but as a result is often rather stubborn towards her coworkers. However, she's easily won over by things she
considers beautiful.
As such, danmaku is something that takes absolute hold of her attention. If it wasn't for her terribly short attention
span, she'd might actually make for a rather sinister opponent.

Despite being an outsider, she's very much like the people of Gensokyo. Somehow, the gods have put her in charge of an
innumerable fleet of rather unimportant deities. She's used both of these things to inadvertantly cause another incident
on her god-given "errand run".

Like Nusakoro, she's actually quite old. She was born an earthly god, left abandoned by Izanagi as he made his way back
to the heavens. However, when the heavenly gods returned to make their conquest of Honshu with the humans that worshipped
them, she sided with them. Thus, she's still maintained a decently high status through the years. 

This was accomplished by "connecting" her heart to those of the heavenly gods. 
Really, it was both an underhanded betrayal and a magnificent maneuver.

She guided the hearts of humans from point A to point B.

It's been an incredibly long time since then. Humans as of recent have developed things like the "GPS" and the
"Smartphone" and other little knick-knacks outside the field of Rina-hime's comprehension that could guide them even more
effectively than a god. So, she's become quite bored.

Some time before the incident, she noticed a strange connection between a heart in the world of the dead and a world the
gods sealed away ages ago.

Her resulting interactions with Ummu (which she has managed to keep confidential) put the world of the gods into a state
of panic. Even so, she's tried to clean up her mess.

Ever clever but never truly dedicated, she was the one who proposed to unseal Nusakoro. Though, as the one who suggest it,
she's been put in charge of her for the time being. So, then, she was in charge of the hunt for her when it became evident
that Nusakoro had failed. It was only a half-hearted search. It's good to see old friends, after all.

She also managed to charm the hearts of the Human Village, setting up a danmaku festival under the guise of doing something
to lure Nusakoro out. Really, it was just another way for Rina-hime to attempt to combat boredom.

She'll probably bum around Gensokyo for a while.
She's learned that she doesn't need to do anything too formal to see danmaku.
